What you're going to do for
a quick second is try that out,
I have some typography down here.
You're gonna grab the textiles generator,
these are in the your case already named,
if you don't like the names.
If you don't like the fonts, if you,
I don't wanna look at these font is
I implemented my own components,
go ahead tweak some of the line
spacing tweak some of the fonts.
If you wanna change the colors go
ahead you can do that as well and
kind of get yourself a set of styles
that you're gonna use for the day.
Ready to rock and roll as we begin to
implement some kinda reusable buttons and
input fields and drop down menus and
stuff along those lines,
put together a color scheme that pleases
you and then you can use that one I'll use
mine and we'll figure stuff
out together as we go on.
So now we can use basically the same
technique for generating the typography.
As we saw it's just a different, plugin in
this case, does basically the same thing.
I did make a second one whether or
not named specifically and
that's going to, sure should work.
So let's grab all these and
I'm just gonna select them all.
And then if you have
the textiles generator plugin,
you can just go and
generate those as well.
It does like rearrange stuff
it's basically applying whatever
the name of the style was to the text.
In this case and you can see now that
I've got a bunch of headings and
paragraphs that I can use as well.
All right, so let's actually look at
like how to reverse engineer this,
from this page that we saw before.
Now, I have some color swatches here,
that I mostly just kind of ,what I did
was I selected this entire section.
What I did was I basically I looked at all
of this and I tried to figure out okay,
what are all the colors here and
as you can kind of see.
If you need to unlink a style any
point you just hit detach and
you go back to the hex code, if you wanna
break from your system went through like
what are all the general colors here and
laid them out.
There were nine shades
of gray in this case.
At temporarily use tailwind as
the kind of the basis and so
that's kind of where I started with
the whole numbering system that we use
in the previous example someone asked
like, what are the numbers mean?
Usually, I kind of took them from
the ones that the color palette comes
with tailwind, we go 50 for
a very light color all the way up to 900.
So we've got nine
different shades of gray.
There's one here it's just roughly the
same as the background of the page itself.
You can see it there.
Also you can change the background,
the page if you want.
And so I've got these colors, so
I took the other colors that existed and
just tried to roughly I like lining
them up in this case, right?
And you don't have to in this
in this particular case like you
don't need this color palette,
but if I wanted to go ahead and
turn this into a color themes,
I can change different pieces here.
I could do that pretty easily.
So I'm gonna grab these,
I'm just gonna ungroup this.
Am not gonna mess around with the colors.
The gray is too much.
I'm just gonna grab these colors, which
again I have named and I will probably end
up deleting this at some point so you
don't have to follow along particularly.
But this is how to like reverse engineer.
If you have a bunch of designs,
and you want to figure out, hey,
cool, they use text values everywhere.
And I want to do the thing that I learned
about in that course that I watched.
How do I get us there?
This is kinda how you would reverse
engineer that a little bit.
So in this case,
I did go ahead I named them all.
I called it just like primary,
secondary, and then tertiary.
I don't know Mark probably knows
better what the actual like names of
the color in the CSS are.
But I was reverse engineering this and
not going through the source code.
So I took a screenshot,,
that's all I had to work with in my case.
So you can see I have
all these colors here.
I could use that plugin that we
saw before and I go ahead and
this case I'm just going to do the,
which one styler hit generate styles.
And now I have these new primary,
secondary and tertiary.
Now there's a little bit of like
bespoke pieces here where I kind
of need to go ahead and
turn any given one of these colors, right?
So this is selecting the entire frame
if given me everything that is that
shade of blue, which looks to be, this one
is I think that dark blue right there.
So I can go ahead and just pick this one
And I have those colors I just made, cool.
Now, if I go into this right here,
you can see this now that we've
linked it up to that style.
There was one thing of that color, but the
cool thing about this is I can select all,
I can be, all right, neat.
What I would like you to
do now is go ahead and
let's grab me say this one's easy, right?
That's going to be get everything
on the page that that's color and
make it the secondary color, right?
Grab the darker one,
we'll make it the slightly darker
version of the secondary color.
This looks like.
That one.
And I could read the hex
codes too as well.
Go ahead and let's see,
that looks like the medium one.
See I got yep,
that one looks slightly wrong.
You can see a change on the page
because they're all that color now.
So maybe it's the slightly darker one,
there we go.
This should be the medium one.
I think that was most of the colors
the rest of them all grays.
So now see?
Yep, so now if I wanted to,
I could go ahead, and
like rebrand the front end
masters colors really easily.
Or the masthead I missed, too.
So let's grab that it
was just a darker color.
So we'll go ahead and We'll go ahead,
and we'll say that that is now.
This color.
So now if I wanted to quickly
rebrand this entire site,
I could cuz that's that's what
Mark brought me here for right so
we could say like let's grab
this color and let's adjust it.
What's this we'll get that
I can hear the groaning.
I can kinda say multiple things as I
change all the buttons all at once and
kind of re theme and restyle this page and
my styles will update everything
across the entire applications.
This works for one frame.
But imagine you have like
multiple pages of every flow.
Going into the front end master site,
you can basically change all the colors
incredibly easily, reverse engineering
it from just a few pages, and
then applying it all the way through,
right?
Yeah.
>> So
once you've made all the color styles,
how can you quickly figure out what
the expo was if you'd like forgotten?
>> Yes, It's a great question.
So if you need to kind of figure out cool,
I've now made this code now I
see primary 500 everywhere.
I just go ahead and
first of all, I go into inspect.
It's still there in this case.
So I will always have
the hex code somewhere.
I even get the RGBA or
whatever style you prefer.
And then you can also go
to edit the style and
you can change the hex code there as well.
So it could work the other way.
I want to get the hex code or someone came
in with, here's the new hex codes for
our new branding, right?
You could also go to edit style and
paste in the hex codes as well, right?
Or make a bunch of layers the same
way I generated styles to begin with,
you could also just adjust
those watches again, and
then regenerate styles a second time,
right?
One of things we also
referenced is in some cases,
there's a whole big color theme, right?
If you wanna get is you can see I just
grabbed just the shades that were on
this page, right?
And so let's say hypothetically well.
Let's go back to the normal colors.
I was, all right let's grab at least
these kind of middle colors here.
If I wanted to there's another plugin that
I'll drop a link to which there's a whole
bunch of these honestly called UI color
palette which will take a set of colors.
And then generate the entire pallet for
you.
So you can hit create color palette and
then from here, you can say update
local styles and it will push up all 50
through 900 of those color styles for you.
All right, so if you only have
a few colors to work with and
you're again like in my case of reverse
engineering that one page, I'm cool but
now I do need a lighter blue.
I'm not good enough for color theory
myself to figure it out I can at least
have some help and generate a full
palette of all the basic colors, right?
And that'll kind of get you can then
update the local styles you'll get.
Let's just hit the button,
see what happens.
Create local styles.
And now not only do I but
I also have a full, so
it has some slight little issue there,
but I have a full
set of colors that I can also use as
well generated from those other ones.
But I'm gonna delete all those in a second
anyway cuz now I have way too many colors
and I will just get confused later.
But we've got those ones.
So you can just generate a full
color palette with a few colors.
If you have one, wherever you work, you
can kind of turn it into a set of Figma
styles, you have a bunch of options that
you can use for getting stuff in place.
And that's kind of the basics of styles.
We'll revisit styles a few more times
as we look at the components and layout
grids and all the other stuff that styles
can do that we just haven't covered yet.
But now we have the basis of at least
some amount of a typography system.
We've got some amount of a color
scheme that we can use for
all these things and we're not
hand selecting colors every time.
They have a roughly a semantic
meaning that we can use and
we've got most of the kind
of pieces in place.